Fixed #33348 -- Changed SimpleTestCase.assertFormError()/assertFormsetErrors() to take form/formset. (#15179)
django/django: docs/topics/testing/tools.txt

        self.assertFieldOutput(EmailField, {'a@a.com': 'a@a.com'}, {'aaa': ['Enter a valid email address.']})

.. method:: SimpleTestCase.assertFormError(form, field, errors, msg_prefix='')

    Asserts that a field on a form raises the provided list of errors.

    ``form`` is a ``Form`` instance. The form must be
    :ref:`bound <ref-forms-api-bound-unbound>` but not necessarily
    validated (``assertFormError()`` will automatically call ``full_clean()``
    on the form).

    ``field`` is the name of the field on the form to check. To check the form's
    :meth:`non-field errors <django.forms.Form.non_field_errors>`, use
    ``field=None``.

    ``errors`` is a list of all the error strings that the field is expected to
    have. You can also pass a single error string if you only expect one error
    which means that ``errors='error message'`` is the same as
    ``errors=['error message']``.

    .. versionchanged:: 4.1

        In older versions, using an empty error list with ``assertFormError()``

>         always pass, regardless of whether the field had any errors or not.

Reviewer: `will always pass`, or `would always pass`, or `always passed` — I would favour `would always pass`, which has a sense of `not current`.

        Starting from Django 4.1, using ``errors=[]`` will only pass if the
        field actually has no errors.

        Django 4.1 also changed the behavior of ``assertFormError()`` when a

>         field has multiple errors. In older version, if a field had multiple
>         errors and you'd check for only some of them the test would pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        field has multiple errors. In older versions, if a field had multiple
        errors and you checked for only some of them, the test would pass.
```

        Starting from Django 4.1, the error list must be an exact match to the
        field's actual errors.

    .. deprecated:: 4.1

        Support for passing a response object and a form name to

>         ``assertFormError()`` is deprecated and will be removed in Django 5.0.

Reviewer: Maybe worth repeating the `Use the form instance directly instead` bit. 🤔
